as they move deeper into the bush they
make an alarming discovery
there's signs of several large males in
the area if Matt's got company there's a
greater chance of being charged just
want to discuss a little bit
lesya has heard goat bells this makes
the situation even more dangerous
they're now only feet away from Matt but
despite his size they still can't see
him
success they've found Matt now they must
check if his collar is okay the
reinforcement is holding well it's not
Frank like we might have found a
solution for these big boys are keeping
these collars on them it's great news
his collar is firmly in place
as they observe him over the next hour
David and Frank get an insight into how
intelligent this important bull is matt
has worked out how to survive in the
badlands he knows there's enough food
for him here and he has discovered a
strategy to remain undetected and safe
from poachers